Koubs@f
By Alexandra Salois

This interactive design is a social media of the future, a hypothesis on what freedom of speech will look like and how society will view various opinions. The website allows the user to write blog posts and publish their opinions and thoughts on their profile. They can also check out their ranking, number of friends and influence posts, as well play some nice music while posting. As you post your opinions about various topics, your friends and followers will respond to your opinions. Depending on what you post, your friends will praise you and encourage you, or will bash you and get mad at what you post. In fact, if you build up a positive reputation by continuously posting about topics appreciated by society, you can get away with posting controversial or messed up statements, since people associate you with positivity and will defend you if you step out of the line. If you are mean in your posts or controversial, the people will be very angry at you and spam you with insults and upset comments, almost bullying you, and even if you turn around and try to be positive and post about topics that will please people, they will automatically dismiss you and keep insulting you. I made this the main feature of the experience as I find that society tends to mimic this behaviour all the time, and people who are famous will almost always be defended no matter what they say, and someone who is considered more controversial will always receive hate. The music I added on the web page are from different eras and genres, but are all share the theme of wanting attention and needing validation, playing into the user’s posts and the public’s reactions, as no one wants to be silenced or dismissed: they want to be heard. The name of the game itself is a reversed pronunciation of “Facebook”, one of the most popular platforms on which to share your thoughts. I also added some statistics at the top of the page to keep track of your popularity, with 3 different categories that are all about how much people love you, to show that we keep finding different ways to receive validation, with followers, friends, likes, shares, comments, etc. As for the links on the side, I wanted to show the effects of a very present online persona: if you’re too focused on your internet activities and showing “perfection” on the internet, you lose track of what actually matters and who you actually are, as you need to keep up a fake image of yourself to your followers, which is why I made the links portray a lonely “real life”. Indeed, you have no friends to message outside of your online presence, you aren’t invited to any outside events, and you aren’t part of any meaningful groups, to show the harm of prioritizing the internet over the real you. Even rankings and material objects are not of importance anymore as you focused so much on insignificant details. It results in detachment and loneliness. Also, as a bonus, I added a “mini-game” about humour: you need to collect all the jokes that won’t offend anyone, but there isn’t anything to collect (ha).
